workload identity binding (#136)
jsalowey/wimse-arch: draft-ietf-wimse-arch.md

Observation and interception of network traffic is not the only means of disclosure in these systems. Other vectors of information leakage is through disclosure in log files and other observability and troubleshooting mechanisms. For example, an application may log the contents of HTTP headers containing JWT bearer tokens, user names, email addresses and other sensitive information. The information in these logs may be made available to other systems with less stringent access controls, which may result in this information falling into an attackers hands. This creates privacy risks and potential surface for reconnaissance attacks.

## Workload Identity Binding to Tokens

> {{seccontext}} describes that one or more workload identities may be incorporated into a security context token to constrain the use of that token.  This workload identity binding may restrict which workloads can present the token or restrict which workloads should consume the token or both. Workload identity binding can also be used with types of tokens other than security context tokens. Workload identity binding helps to reduce the impact of a stolen token or compromised workload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{seccontext}} describes that one or more workload identities may be incorporated into a security context token to constrain the use of that token.  This workload identity binding may restrict which workloads can present the token or which workloads may consume the token. Workload identity binding can also be used with types of tokens other than security context tokens. Workload identity binding reduces the impact of a stolen token or compromised workload.
```

I think this is easier to read.
